SNPedia <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/SNPedia>

  * Talk <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Special:MyTalk>
  * Contributions
    <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Special:MyContributions>
  * Create account
    <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php?title=Special:CreateAccount&returnto=Rs53576>
  * Log in
    <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php?title=Special:UserLogin&returnto=Rs53576>

Navigation <#>
SNPedia <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/SNPedia>
Promethease <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Promethease>
FAQ <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/SNPedia:FAQ>
Blog <http://snpedia.blogspot.com/>
Recent changes <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Special:RecentChanges>
Random page <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Special:Random>

Page <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Rs53576>
Discussion
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php?title=Talk:Rs53576&action=edit&redlink=1>
Edit with form
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php?title=Rs53576&action=formedit>
Edit <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php?title=Rs53576&action=edit>
History <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php?title=Rs53576&action=history>

Have questions? Visit https://www.reddit.com/r/SNPedia
<https://www.reddit.com/r/SNPedia>


  rs53576

From SNPedia
Jump to:navigation <#mw-navigation>, search <#p-search>

influences social behavior and personality

Orientation <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Orientation>	plus

Stabilized <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/StabilizedOrientation>	plus

Geno 	Mag <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Magnitude> 	Summary
(A;A) <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Rs53576(A;A)> 	2.8 	Lack of
empathy?
(A;G) <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Rs53576(A;G)> 	2.8 	Lack of
empathy?
(G;G) <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Rs53576(G;G)> 	2.5 	Optimistic
and empathetic; handle stress well

Reference	GRCh38 <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/GRCh38> 38.1/141

Chromosome	3

Position	8762685

Gene	OXTR <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/OXTR>

is a	snp <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Snp>
is	mentioned by
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Special:WhatLinksHere/Rs53576>
dbSNP	rs53576 <https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/snp/rs53576>
dbSNP (classic)	rs53576
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/projects/SNP/snp_ref.cgi?do_not_redirect&rs=rs53576>
ClinGen	rs53576
<http://reg.clinicalgenome.org/redmine/projects/registry/genboree_registry/alleles?dbSNP.rs=53576>
ebi	rs53576 <https://www.ebi.ac.uk/gwas/search?query=rs53576>
HLI	rs53576 <https://search.hli.io/?q=rs53576>
Exac	rs53576 <http://exac.broadinstitute.org/awesome?query=rs53576>
Gnomad	rs53576 <http://gnomad.broadinstitute.org/awesome?query=rs53576>
Varsome	rs53576 <https://varsome.com/variant/hg19/rs53576>
LitVar	rs53576
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/CBBresearch/Lu/Demo/LitVar/#!?query=rs53576>
Map	rs53576 <http://popgen.uchicago.edu/ggv/?search=rs53576>
PheGenI	rs53576 <http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/gap/PheGenI?tab=2&rs=53576>
Biobank	rs53576 <https://biobankengine.stanford.edu/awesome?query=rs53576>
1000 genomes <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/1000_genomes>	rs53576
<http://browser.1000genomes.org/Homo_sapiens/Variation/Population?v=rs53576;vdb=variation>
hgdp	rs53576
<http://hgdp.uchicago.edu/cgi-bin/gbrowse/HGDP/?name=SNP%3Ars53576>
ensembl	rs53576
<http://www.ensembl.org/Homo_sapiens/snpview?source=dbSNP;snp=rs53576>
geneview	rs53576
<http://bc3.informatik.hu-berlin.de/search?gv_search_query=RS:53576>
scholar	rs53576 <http://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=rs53576&as_subj=bio>
google	rs53576 <http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=rs53576>
pharmgkb	rs53576 <http://www.pharmgkb.org/rsid/rs53576>
gwascentral	rs53576 <http://www.gwascentral.org/marker/dbSNP:rs53576>
openSNP	rs53576 <https://opensnp.org/snps/rs53576#users>
23andMe <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/23andMe_(help)>	rs53576
<https://www.23andme.com/tools/data/?query=rs53576>
SNPshot	rs53576
<http://bioai4core.fulton.asu.edu/snpshot/FactSheet?id=rs53576&type=RSNO>
SNPdbe	rs53576
<http://www.rostlab.org/services/snpdbe/dosearch.php?id=mutation&val=rs53576>
MSV3d	rs53576
<http://decrypthon.igbmc.fr/msv3d/cgi-bin/humsavar?rsid=rs53576>
GWAS Ctlg	rs53576 <https://www.ebi.ac.uk/gwas/search?query=rs53576>

GMAF <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/GMAF>	0.4128

Max Magnitude <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Max_Magnitude>	2.8

rs53576 is a silent G to A change in the oxytocin receptor (OXTR) gene.
Studies have demonstrated that individuals with the G allele are more
empathetic, feel less lonely, employ more sensitive parenting
techniques, and have lower rates of autism (discussed in [PMID 20724662
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20724662?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>])

The blog Not Exactly Rocket Science
<http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/notrocketscience/2010/08/16/genes-and-culture-oxtr-gene-influences-social-behaviour-differently-in-americans-and-koreans/> discusses that Americans with (G;G) tend to be more sensitive parents, more empathetic and less lonely than those with an ‘A’. In a Korean population people with (G;G) were less likely to seek support from their peers.

[PMID 20724662
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20724662?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Culture, distress,
and oxytocin receptor polymorphism (OXTR) interact to influence
emotional support seeking.

[PMID 19934046
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19934046?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Oxytocin receptor
genetic variation relates to empathy and stress reactivity in humans. In
brief, people with the G;G genotype were better able to discern the
emotional state of others than those who carried the A-allele (blog
<http://genes2brains2mind2me.com/2009/11/24/look-deeply-into-my-eyes-and-let-me-see-your-genes/> summary found here). The study encompassed 192 participants of both sexes and mixed ethnicities. The study subjects underwent a number of tests to determine their level of empathy and stress reactivity. They found that G;G individuals performed significantly better on the behavioral measure of empathy and were 22.7% less likely to make a mistake on the "Reading the Mind in the Eyes Test" (RMET) (a behavioural measure of empathic accuracy) than A;A/A;G individuals (P = 0.005). Similarly, G;G individuals reported higher levels of dispositional empathy than A;A/A;G individuals: mean (SE) = 3.69 (0.06) and 3.53 (0.04) for G;G and A;A/A;G, respectively (P = 0.025), and were less affected by stress (as measured by their heart rates): mean (SE) = 72.1 (0.54) and 78.4 (1.19) for G;G and A;A/A;G, respectively.

[PMID 19376182
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19376182?dopt=Abstract>]
Associations between the oxytocin receptor gene (OXTR) and affect,
loneliness and intelligence in normal subjects.

[PMID 19015103
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19015103?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] This study
examined the association between the OXTR gene and parenting. A total of
176 mothers of toddlers were included in the study. After controlling
for marital discord, depression, and education status, rs53576 was found
to significantly correlate with parenting, with the G;G genotype being
associated with a significantly more sensitive parenting style than A;A
or A;G genotypes. However, they concluded that the major factor
influencing parenting was the maternal education level.


[PMID 22069391
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22069391?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Forty-five female
subjects (17 twin pairs and 11 twins without their sibling) were
genotyped and tested for their ability to hear and understand
conversations in noisy environments. Participants with the G;G genotype
reported less difficulty hearing and understanding (difficulty hearing
total score [Mean (SD)], 9.2 (4.2)) than participants with A;A/A;G
genotypes (13.9 (3.8); p < 0.001). Even after adjusting for age, the
relationship between genotype and difficulty hearing scores was still
significant (p = 0.003).


[PMID 22123970
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22123970?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Two hundred three
healthy German male university students (mean age 23.2 y, SD 2.9 y) were
subjected to a mock interview and their saliva cortisol levels were
tested before and at a number of time points after the interview. Half
of the participants were told to bring a female friend as social
support, whereas the other half came alone to the interview. The authors
found that subjects carrying the G allele (G;G or A;G genotypes) had
significantly lower cortisol responses to stress when they had social
support (P < 0.01). Conversely, there were no differences in cortisol
levels in subjects with the A;A genotype receiving or not receiving
social support (P = 0.46). Moreover, there was a trend (P = 0.08) for
people with the A;A genotype to display higher levels of cortisol
throughout the session than G carriers (no differences between the
genotypes were observed at baseline).

23andMe blog
<http://blog.23andme.com/2011/12/12/snpwatch-we-care-a-lot/> discusses
the snp.

blogs.scientificamerican
<http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/scicurious-brain/2011/12/19/when-is-comfort-most-comforting-when-youve-got-a-specific-oxytocin-gene/> discusses the snp.


[PMID 20647384
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20647384?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] In this study, 345
healthy subjects were examined by multimodal neuroimaging techniques to
identify structural and functional alterations in OXTR risk allele
carriers and their link to temperament. The authors found that there was
a significant association between the different rs53576 genotypes and
grey matter volume in the hypothalamus, with the hypothalamus volume
being significantly larger in G;G carriers than in A;A carriers (P =
0.012). Moreover, they investigated the relationship between rs53576 and
reward dependence (RD) using the Tridimensional Personality
Questionnaire, and found that the G;G, G;A, and A;A genotypes were
associated with the highest, intermediate, and lowest RD values,
respectively (G;G vs. A;A, p=0.02; A;G vs. A;A, p=0.07). Lastly, they
also demonstrated that rs53576 is associated with amygdala activation,
with the A;A genotype being associated with a significant reduction in
activation compared to the G;G genotype (p=0.036); and with the
functional relationship between the amygdala and the hypothalamus, with
A;A carrier having a significantly increased functional correlation
(p=0.036). The authors concluded that there is likely a neural mechanism
linking both structural and neural signalling alterations in the
oxytocinergic system to individual differences in emotional reactivity
and prosocial temperament.


[PMID 17383819
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17383819?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Association of the
oxytocin receptor gene (OXTR) in Caucasian children and adolescents with
autism. This study found that there is no association between rs53576
variants and the risk of autism in Caucasian children and adolescents.


[PMID 22084107
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22084107?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Thin-slicing study
of the oxytocin receptor (OXTR) gene and the evaluation and expression
of the prosocial disposition

Followup:


[PMID 22499788
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22499788?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Misuse of
hierarchical linear models overstates the significance of a reported
association between OXTR and prosociality.


[PMID 22357335
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22357335?dopt=Abstract>] The
association between oxytocin receptor gene polymorphism (OXTR) and trait
empathy


[PMID 22763666
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22763666?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] The influence of
oxytocin administration on responses to infant faces and potential
moderation by OXTR genotype


[PMID 15992526
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15992526?dopt=Abstract>] Positive
association of the oxytocin receptor gene (OXTR) with autism in the
Chinese Han population.


[PMID 18687882
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18687882?dopt=Abstract>] Genetic
correlates of adult attachment style.


[PMID 19515497
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19515497?dopt=Abstract>] Oxytocin
receptor polymorphisms and adult attachment style in patients with
depression.


[PMID 20347913
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20347913?dopt=Abstract>] Evidence
that genetic variation in the oxytocin receptor (OXTR) gene influences
social cognition in ADHD.


[PMID 20585395
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20585395?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] No association
between oxytocin receptor (OXTR) gene polymorphisms and experimentally
elicited social preferences


[PMID 21896752
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21896752?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Oxytocin receptor
gene (OXTR) is related to psychological resources.


[PMID 22372486
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22372486?dopt=Abstract>] The role
of oxytocin and oxytocin receptor gene variants in childhood-onset
aggression.


[PMID 22487732
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22487732?dopt=Abstract>] Influence
of COX-2 and OXTR polymorphisms on treatment outcome in treatment
resistant depression.


[PMID 22563705
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22563705?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Differential
susceptibility in spillover between interparental conflict and maternal
parenting practices: evidence for OXTR and 5-HTT genes.


[PMID 22580735
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22580735?dopt=Abstract>]
Breastfeeding and its relation to maternal sensitivity and infant
attachment.


[PMID 23089921
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23089921?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Common oxytocin
receptor gene polymorphisms and the risk for preterm birth


[PMID 23284802
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23284802?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Association
between Oxytocin Receptor Gene Polymorphisms and Self-Rated 'Empathic
Concern' in Schizophrenia


[PMID 23470776
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23470776?dopt=Abstract>]
Environmental stress, oxytocin receptor gene (OXTR) polymorphism, and
mental health following collective stress


[PMID 23684879
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23684879?dopt=Abstract>] Variant in
OXTR gene and functional connectivity of the hypothalamus in normal
subjects


[PMID 24295535
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24295535?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Oxytocin receptor
gene variation predicts empathic concern and autonomic arousal while
perceiving harm to others


[PMID 24621832
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24621832?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Oxytocin receptor
gene polymorphism, perceived social support, and psychological symptoms
in maltreated adolescents


[PMID 22809402
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22809402?dopt=Abstract>]
Associations between the oxytocin receptor gene (OXTR) and
"mind-reading" in humans--an exploratory study.


[PMID 22939719
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22939719?dopt=Abstract>] Oxytocin
and catechol-O-methyltransferase receptor genotype predict the length of
the first stage of labor.


[PMID 23708061
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23708061?dopt=Abstract>] Neural
mechanisms of oxytocin receptor gene mediating anxiety-related temperament.


[PMID 22651577
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22651577?dopt=Abstract>] Oxytocin
and oxytocin receptor gene polymorphisms and risk for schizophrenia: a
case-control study


[PMID 24814480
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24814480?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Social cognition,
face processing, and oxytocin receptor single nucleotide polymorphisms
in typically developing children


[PMID 25003328
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25003328?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Social stress and
the oxytocin receptor gene interact to predict antisocial behavior in an
at-risk cohort


[PMID 25001970
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25001970?dopt=Abstract>] Oxytocin
receptor gene rs53576 polymorphism modulates oxytocin-dopamine
interaction and neuroticism traits-A SPECT study


[PMID 25564674
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25564674?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Distress of
ostracism: Oxytocin receptor gene polymorphism confers sensitivity to
social exclusion


[PMID 25637390
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25637390?dopt=Abstract>] Oxytocin
receptor gene and racial ingroup bias in empathy-related brain activity


[PMID 25680993
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25680993?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Interaction
between oxytocin receptor polymorphism and interdependent culture values
on human empathy


[PMID 25935637
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25935637?dopt=Abstract>] The
association between 2D:4D ratio and cognitive empathy is contingent on a
common polymorphism in the oxytocin receptor gene (OXTR rs53576)


[PMID 24621820
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24621820?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Personality,
behavior and environmental features associated with OXTR genetic
variants in British mothers


[PMID 25287464
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25287464?dopt=Abstract>] Empathy,
target distress, and neurohormone genes interact to predict aggression
for others-even without provocation


[PMID 25450139
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25450139?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Preliminary
evidence for the interaction of the oxytocin receptor gene (oxtr) and
face processing in differentiating prenatal smoking patterns


[PMID 26175754
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26175754?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] DNA methylation
and single nucleotide variants in the brain-derived neurotrophic factor
(BDNF) and oxytocin receptor (OXTR) genes are associated with
anxiety/depression in older women


[PMID 26174935
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26174935?dopt=Abstract>] Oxytocin
system social function impacts in children with
attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder


[PMID 26178189
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26178189?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] A common oxytocin
receptor gene (OXTR) polymorphism modulates intranasal oxytocin effects
on the neural response to social cooperation in humans


[PMID 26389606
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26389606?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Genetic Moderation
of Stability in Attachment Security From Early Childhood to Age 18
Years: A Replication Study


[PMID 26444016
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26444016?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Polymorphism of
the Oxytocin Receptor Gene Modulates Behavioral and Attitudinal Trust
among Men but Not Women


[PMID 26787430
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26787430?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Oxytocin receptor
gene variation predicts subjective responses to MDMA.


[PMID 28715704
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28715704?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Oxytocin receptor
gene polymorphisms, attachment, and PTSD: Results from the National
Health and Resilience in Veterans Study.


[PMID 23562248
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23562248?dopt=Abstract>] The
association between the oxytocin receptor gene (OXTR) and hypnotizability.


[PMID 29860184
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29860184?dopt=Abstract>] Attempted
suicide and oxytocin-related gene polymorphisms.


[PMID 29890447
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29890447?dopt=Abstract>] Effect of
the interaction between oxytocin receptor gene polymorphism (rs53576)
and stressful life events on aggression in Chinese Han adolescents.


[PMID 29927293
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29927293?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Oxytocin-related
single-nucleotide polymorphisms, family environment, and psychopathic
traits.


[PMID 32957930
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32957930?dopt=Abstract>OA-icon.png
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/File:OA-icon.png>] Genetic
risk-factors for anxiety in healthy individuals: polymorphisms in genes
important for the HPA axis.

Retrieved from
"https://www.SNPedia.com/index.php?title=Rs53576&oldid=1702893
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php?title=Rs53576&oldid=1702893>"
Categories <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Special:Categories>:

  * Is a snp <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Category:Is_a_snp>
  * In dbSNP <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Category:In_dbSNP>
  * SNPs on chromosome 3
    <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Category:SNPs_on_chromosome_3>
  * Has genotype <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Category:Has_genotype>
  * On chip 23andMe v2
    <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Category:On_chip_23andMe_v2>
  * On chip 23andMe v3
    <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Category:On_chip_23andMe_v3>
  * On chip 23andMe v4
    <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Category:On_chip_23andMe_v4>
  * On chip 23andMe v5
    <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Category:On_chip_23andMe_v5>
  * On chip Ancestry v2c
    <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Category:On_chip_Ancestry_v2c>
  * On chip Ancestry v2d
    <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Category:On_chip_Ancestry_v2d>
  * On chip Ancestry v2
    <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Category:On_chip_Ancestry_v2>

Tools <#>
What links here
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Special:WhatLinksHere/Rs53576>
Related changes
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Special:RecentChangesLinked/Rs53576>
Special pages <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Special:SpecialPages>
Printable version
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php?title=Rs53576&printable=yes>
Permanent link
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php?title=Rs53576&oldid=1702893>
Page information
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php?title=Rs53576&action=info>
Page values
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php?title=Rs53576&action=pagevalues>
Browse properties
<https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Special:Browse/:Rs53576>

This page was last edited on 4 October 2020, at 00:06.
Privacy policy <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/SNPedia:Privacy_policy>
About SNPedia <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/SNPedia:About>
Disclaimers <https://www.snpedia.com/index.php/SNPedia:General_disclaimer>
Powered by MediaWiki <https://www.mediawiki.org/>
Powered by Semantic MediaWiki
<https://www.semantic-mediawiki.org/wiki/Semantic_MediaWiki>
Powered by the NCBI <http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/>
